test/data/err_120.py:31:3 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:32:3 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:32:6 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:34:7 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:35:7 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:35:10 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:36:5 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:37:5 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:40:5 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:41:6 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:42:6 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:43:7 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:44:8 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:45:8 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:46:7 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:47:8 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:48:5 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:49:6 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:52:18 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:54:12 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:55:7 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:56:12 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:61:8 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:62:14 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
test/data/err_120.py:63:20 [FURB120]: Don't pass an argument if it is the same as the default value
